yay I'm so excited I got my new toy okay
i have been researching these types of
paper cutters for a while and then i
researched them some more and then i
researched them some more then i finally
settled on tonic because for the most
part everything i have from tonic is
decent so i finally have the guillotine
paper cutter and i was able to get it
for thirty bucks was free shipping from
overstock.com and i just look today and
it's back up to see if i can get it to
focus 3603 and they range in prices all
the way up to 59 bucks so I think I did
pretty good with 30 lakhs they have the
smaller one that doesn't have the bigger
base for thirty dollars and sixty-eight
cents now but mine that I got has the
whole Bay to hold a whole 12 x 12 sheet
of paper in it and underneath is where
your handle is stored so you can take it
to crops or whatever so you stick your
handle on in here and touchy on them and
you come help me for a second behind my
kids can't hear me they have selective
hearing this hold you pay for down and
you just slice so look see let me find
some paper so we can see I have regular
card stock here
and it's supposed to cut through rights
Martin pieces so 1 1 2 3 4 125 and see
what we're going to see here and it has
the guides on it and when you can push
it up and brace it up against there so
let's see what it does here let's cut
these down to 6 inches long caples up
better since my kids don't want to come
hold the camera for me because they have
selected hearing all right hold your
hand on there and I'm gonna sit this
down again and it doesn't like five
pieces of card shop oh it's cups it's
just I didn't have my hands on it right
that was my fault but yeah you look I
like it let's see let's try one let's
try just a couple all right now we just
got to cut those down to six I know any
other time my kids would be over here
with the camera so you hold good paper
down on that went through pretty good so
yeah it was my my my mistake I'm so
loving this I have so wanted a better if
rumor you just don't know look how just
like butter baby so anyway even for 3603
at overstock is still a good deal
because they have gone
I this is very start they have gone they
are in some places 48 and fifty-nine
dollars so like I said they have two
different kind they have the one that
has a six inch base and then it has a
swing arm but I wanted something that I
could put a whole piece of 12 x 12 paper
on and have the grids and all it matched
up but like i said it's tonic it's you
know it's nice nice surface nice grid
cuts great loving it maybe I'll actually
do some traditional scrapbooking and
card making and stuff now because I have
gone i bought i wanted seven eight nine
ten different paper covers you know with
the slide easy and I've got three now
one is a two fiskars and some other kind
and they suck you can't get a straight
cut you can't get an accurate cut with
them half the time I will be keeping my
one for backup and the other two they're
gone see you later bye have a nice life
because i'll keep the other one for when
I want to score something and I don't
feel like pulling out the Martha Stewart
scoreboard but or if I need to back up
or the kids want to use one for cutting
paper because this I wouldn't let your
kids use but yeah I'm so excited I'm
gonna go play with it a little while and
might make something in the next couple
of days so thanks for watching and like
I said this is by tonic and it's the 12
inch large base guillotine paper cutter
yay I love it thanks for watching